It is a school day. Peppa and
her friends are having a music lesson.
Miss Polly had a dolly.
Sorry, Madame Gazelle.
Oh dear, Pedro has a cough.
Don’t worry. I’ll ring doctor Brown Bear.
Doctor Brown Bear, speaking.
Hello doctor, this is Madame Gazelle.
A child is ill.
Don’t panic. I’ll come straight away.
What seems to be the problem?
I’ve got a cough.
I see. Is it a tickly
cough or a chesty cough?
I don’t know, but it goes like this.
And when did you get this cough?
When Madame Gazelle started singing.
It’s nothing serious,
but Pedro’s cough may be catching.
What do you mean “catching”?
When one person has a cough,
sometimes other
people get that cough, too.
Do I need medicine?
Just a little spoonful.
I’m afraid it doesn’t taste very nice.
It tastes like an old shoe full of jam.
Thank you Doctor Brown Bear.
Goodbye.
Bye.
As I thought, Pedro’s cough is catching.
Dannie Dog and Susie Sheep
have caught Pedro’s cough.
Open wide.
It tastes of cuppet flavored yogurt.
It tastes of flowers.
Well-done for taking your medicine so well.
Do you ever get ill, Doctor Brown Bear?
No, Peppa. I’m never ill.
I eat an apple a day. Goodbye.
Bye.
It is home time,
and the children’s parents
are here to pick them up.
Mummy, daddy, I’ve got a cough.
Doctor Brown Bear came to look after us.
He gave us horrible medicine.
Madame Gazelle,
can you sing your song now?
Of course, Peppa. (music) Wooo…
Miss Polly had a dolly who was…
Oh, dear, all the grown-ups
have got Petro’s cough.
Doctor Brown Bear speaking.
This is Peppa pig.
All the grown-ups are ill.
Not to worry, Peppa. I’m on my way.
Hello, everyone. Caught
Petro’s cough, have we?
Very well. Stand in a line and open wide.
It tastes like custard and old socks.
Thank you for looking after
us, Doctor Brown Bear.
Who looks after you when you’re ill?
No one looks after me. I’m never ill.
Oh, dear. Doctor Brown Bear
has caught Petro’s cough.
Not to worry, goodbye.
Goodbye.
Poor Doctor Brown Bear. He is ill
and there is no one to look after him. Oh.
Who can that be?
Hello, we’ve come to look after you.
Here is some fruit and some cushions.
Here is your medicine.
It tastes like
jammy-yogurt-flavored custard socks.
And here is a song to
make you feel better. Woooooo…